And what are going up in the goes in race you are going to have Global Post again and we're going to
create a cold related products related products is going to be Kwan's to get field and we need the field
in these wonderful products we produce and then we pass the ball ivy.
So this way in the friend and the friend blog entries we're going to excite griller a program that we
need the next For example I'm going to have a call three aunts and enclose a Capri.
When I buy Dom these bodies related products and say Deeson relo the front and and you can see that
we have an array with two positions where ratling Davies 14:9 and then you can see here on the feeds.
Granted granted there are impulse DAVIES That's because on the charcoals included in commerce.
You have these charcoal and it takes these.
This is what I'm going to use these.
So next what they're going to go now remove these working.
We're going to have a need for stateman.
We're going to have an Eve if Roulette prose contains something we're going to execute the following
code.
And I'm going have broke Ivey's equals three yawing join is a BHP function that will convert an array
into any string.
That's exactly what we are looking forward to going out and related products thing with the comma and
then we are separator which is going to be a comma.
So next we're going to have for example echo broke this Greedo.
Now you can see we have 14:9 and then and this is sadness 3.
So that's exactly what we're are looking for then we're going to close BHB and up and BHB again right
here because I'm going to add so much demand in the sense of personal preference I mean the right the
like these what we want out of the related products this way we can target these with a sense in case
that we need to then we're going to have an H2 to we're gonna have at Glasgow's section title in going
out related problems like this.
We're in great innings Latona of BHB gold echo and I use the function dush article and we're going to
copy this article right here.
We're going to compare these and inside quotes we're going to paste this right here.
Finally we're going to replace these ideas and then going out to single quotes to that to concatenate
the value.
And past broke Ivey's like this.
So now you can say these and read all the front in and now you can see a little brokes.
We have two problems right here.
So for example let's say that I remove these when we only have one roulette at blokes who are going
to say this and reload again.
And then you can see we only have 1 broke.
So you can change the number of columns here.
So let's add something like columns equal to 8.
And you can see this will be a little bigger.
So this is nice because for example if I go back and see this up in the home page and I'm going to get
up in the other and they we're going for example and these my search you can see we have the blog entry
where you can add some balls right here and I read the post and get on the ball and you can see that
we have related problems.
And every time you are more prologues they are going to be this right here so that's up and these women
for example are and these essentially you add up the and or the old and you can see we have two pros
right here.
So doing these greit in some blog entries in the in the products that you are actually marketing is
going to be a great tool.
This way you are describing that the plug and at the end you have a low end you are alone in your visitors.
Two of the items into the card that's something really nice.
So let's continue working in the next video with this website.